Fixing and adding chapters (#189)
infinum/wordpress-handbook: Development environment setup/Setting up development environment.md

When you want to develop a WordPress app, or you are joining an existing project, it is important to have local development ready. There are a number of solutions that can be used.

### Local environment on Unix based systems

You can set your own dev server on macOS or any Unix based system. You'll need to set up your own PHP (FPM), database (MySQL), and a web server (Apache or Nginx). We usually use Nginx as a web server, because that's also what we use on client projects.

A web service stack based on Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP is known as a LAMP stack. The Nginx one is known as the LEMP stack.

> At Infinum we use [Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com/) as it provides a simple way to set up a local development environment.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the internal docs for Herd here?

Author: They have the link to the product. The docs link for this is https://herd.laravel.com/docs/1/getting-started/about-herd and I don't want to remember to change this if they ever change it

### Default local TLD

> When setting up local projects it's important to **avoid using the reserved `.dev` top-level domain (TLD)**. At Infinum, we chose `.test`, as all our local TLD because Laravel Herd works using this TLD.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When setting up local projects it's important to **avoid using the reserved `.dev` top-level domain (TLD)**. At Infinum, we chose `.test`, as our local TLD of choice. Laravel Herd uses `.test` by default, so no additional config should be needed.
```

```

In the following chapters, you'll learn how to set up various environments.

> Keep in mind that you should use `https` for your local development url as well. This is important because some browsers require `https` for certain features to work, and it's also a good practice to have your local environment as close to the production environment as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure to set up HTTPS for your local development as well. This is important because some browser APIs and features will behave differently on HTTP, and you want to mimic the production environment as closely as possible.
```
